I was cleaning out the closet when I found a tiny knitted bootie that must have been from years ago. I held it up and checked the stitching, then dropped it in the donation bag and reached for the next shelf, figuring I could get this whole closet done in about
I pulled the old recipe card out of the drawer and read through the ingredients list. The card was stained and hard to read in places, so I typed the recipe into my phone to have a clean copy, then tossed the card and moved on to organizing the rest of the
My daughter handed me an old crayon drawing she'd found tucked inside a textbook. I glanced at it, smiled, and said "cute" before setting it on the counter and going back to sorting the bookshelf, thinking about how many boxes we still needed to pack before
We were renovating the kitchen and I pulled back the wallpaper to find some old pencil marks on the doorframe. I scraped them off with the putty knife and kept prepping the wall for primer, checking the time to see if the hardware store was still open because I needed to pick up
The movers had packed everything and the house was empty. I walked through the rooms one last time checking for anything we missed, spotted a crayon mark on the living room wall, and added it to the touch-up list for the painters along with the scuff marks in the hallway and the
That song came on the radio while I was sitting in traffic. I changed the station because I didn't feel like listening to that genre and checked the GPS for an alternate route, thinking the highway might be faster since the surface streets were backed up for at least
The ornament was a lopsided clay star with chipping paint and a broken point. I held it up, decided it was too damaged to put on the tree this year, and set it aside with the other ones to replace, then kept unpacking the decorations and checking which strings of lights still
I found an old wristwatch in a box of miscellaneous stuff, the crystal scratched and the battery dead. I turned it over to check the brand, figured it wasn't worth the cost of a new battery, and set it in the pile for the estate sale along with the other items that
After the ceremony, my mother handed me a handkerchief and said I might need it for the photos. I tucked it into my pocket and thanked her, then turned to the photographer and asked if we should start with the group shots or the couple shots since we were running about
I was sorting through a box of old photographs to see which ones were worth scanning. I found one from what looked like a summer on a porch, checked the back for a date, and set it in the "to scan" pile before moving on to the next one, trying to get through the whole box before
The smell of rain on hot pavement came through the open window. I got up to check if I'd left anything outside that might get wet, grabbed the cushions off the porch chairs, and pulled the window mostly shut before going back to my desk to finish the report I was working on before
We drove past a church with a wooden bench out front under an oak tree. My husband pointed it out as a nice spot for a rest, but I checked the time and said, "We should keep going if we want to make our reservation, the restaurant is still about
My daughter graduated and as she walked across the stage I clapped and took a few photos with my phone. I checked the time on the program and leaned over to ask my husband how long the rest of the ceremony would take since we had dinner reservations at
We were clearing out the attic and I found an old quilt that was falling apart in places. I checked the fabric for mold, decided it wasn't salvageable, and folded it into a garbage bag along with the other textiles that were too far gone, then moved on to the boxes of
I opened the piano and played through a few scales to check if it was still in tune. A couple of the higher keys were flat, so I made a note to call the tuner and closed the lid, then pulled out my phone to look up the number since the piano hadn't been serviced in