The bills were piling up and my car had just broken down and my boss said they were cutting hours. I sat in the parking lot after my shift with tears streaming down my face, barely able to breathe, and I sobbed out loud "I can't do this anymore, I just
The doctor said the test results were abnormal and they needed more tests but couldn't tell me what it meant yet. I walked out of the office and made it to my car before I broke down, my whole body shaking as I
I came home to find the eviction notice on the door and my phone buzzing with messages from my ex about custody and a text from my mom saying she was in the hospital. I dropped my bag in the doorway and just stood there, overwhelmed, because I
My daughter's school called and said she'd been hurt and then my husband texted that he'd lost his job, all within the same hour. I was standing in the kitchen when my legs gave out and I sank onto the floor, crying because I
The project I'd spent six months on got cancelled, my team was being dissolved, and HR wanted to meet about my position. I closed my laptop and sat there staring at nothing, my chest tight and my eyes burning, and all I could think was that everything was falling apart and I
I was trying to cook dinner when the smoke alarm went off and the baby started screaming and the dog knocked over the trash and I burned my hand on the pan. I turned off the stove and just stood there crying, my burned hand under the faucet, because everything was too much and I
My therapist said she was leaving the practice and I'd have to find someone new, right in the middle of the hardest period of my life. I barely made it to my car before I started sobbing, my forehead pressed against the steering wheel, choking out "I can't start over, I can't, I
The landlord said I had thirty days and my savings account was at twelve dollars and my sister said she couldn't help. I lay on the couch staring at the ceiling with tears running into my ears, my chest heaving, and I whispered to no one "I don't know what to do, I
Three different creditors called in one morning and then my car insurance lapsed and my kid needed new shoes for school. I put my phone facedown on the table and my hands were shaking and the tears just started coming and I couldn't stop them, sobbing into my arms and
My mom called to tell me my dad had a stroke and while I was still on the phone the daycare called to say my son had a fever and needed to be picked up. I hung up and felt the room tilt and my chest caved in and I just started crying, gasping "I can't, this is too much, I
The water heater burst and flooded the basement where I kept everything I owned and my insurance had lapsed two weeks earlier. I waded through the water looking at my ruined boxes and sat down in the flood sobbing, rocking back and forth, whimpering "no no no, this can't be happening, I
I'd been holding it together all day at the funeral but when I got home and saw his jacket still hanging by the door I completely lost it. I grabbed the jacket and sank to the floor, pressing it to my face, sobbing so hard I
My wife told me she wanted a divorce on the same day I got the call that my position was being eliminated. I sat in the driveway in my car for an hour, my head on the steering wheel, my whole body shaking, and all I could think was that my entire life was falling apart and I
The pipes burst in the ceiling and water was pouring onto my desk and my computer and all my files and I'd just found out I was being audited. I stood in the middle of the office watching everything get soaked and felt my throat close up and my vision blur with tears because I
I'd been up since four in the morning with the baby who wouldn't stop crying and then the washing machine flooded and my partner called to say they wouldn't be home until midnight. I stood in the flooded laundry room holding the screaming baby, tears streaming down my face, and all I could do was whisper "please, I can't take anymore, I