My roommate asked if she could borrow my favorite leather jacket for her date tonight. I pulled it out of the closet and handed it to her, saying, "Of course, it'll look great on you. Just have fun and don't even worry about
My little brother reached for my headphones on the kitchen counter. I slid them over to him and said, "Go ahead, I'm not using them right now. Just enjoy whatever you're
My girlfriend mentioned she was going to happy hour with some friends from work. I smiled and said, "That sounds fun, have a great time! Tell everyone I said hi and
"Can I use your laptop for a minute?" my coworker asked. I slid it over and said, "Sure, go for it. I'm going to grab a coffee anyway, so take as long as you
My mom asked if she could give my old childhood books to the neighbor's kids. I said, "That's a great idea, they'll get way more use out of them over there. Let me help you carry the box and
My wife suggested we let her parents stay in my home office when they visit. I started clearing the desk and said, "Good idea, let me move some of my stuff so they'll be comfortable. I can work from the living room for a few days and it's no big
My daughter wanted to ride my vintage motorcycle that I'd been restoring for three years. I tossed her the keys and said, "Just take it easy on the first curve. You're going to love how it handles once you get
"We should combine our book collections since we're moving in together," my boyfriend said. I started pulling books off my shelf and said, "Great idea, yours and mine will look amazing together. Let's organize them by genre and
My best friend asked to borrow my camera for her trip to Italy. I grabbed the case and extra batteries and handed them over, saying, "Take the wide-angle lens too, it's perfect for architecture. Just have fun and get some amazing
The new guy at work sat down at the desk I'd been using for four years. I walked over and said, "Hey, welcome aboard! That's a great spot, you'll love the window. Let me clear my stuff off so you can get
My sister wanted to borrow my car for the weekend. I handed her the keys and said, "Take it, I'm not going anywhere this weekend anyway. The tank is about half full, so you might want to
My toddler grabbed the family photo album from the coffee table. I sat down next to her and opened it up, saying, "Oh, you want to look at pictures? Let me show you this one of Grandma, she was about your age when
My husband wanted to lend our good china to his sister for her dinner party. I started wrapping plates in towels and said, "Tell her to keep them as long as she needs. Grandma would have loved knowing her china was being used for a big family
My friend asked if his band could practice in my garage on weekends. I opened the door and started moving boxes to the side, saying, "Sure, let me clear some space. Just tell the guys to park on the street so the neighbors don't
"You never let anyone touch your garden," my neighbor said, leaning over the fence. I laughed and said, "What are you talking about? Come on in, I'll give you some tomatoes. I've got way more than I can