I hadn't eaten since yesterday morning. The bakery next door was pumping warm bread smell through the vents. My stomach clenched and I pressed my face toward the vent, breathing it in, thinking about how badly I needed to
Three days into the backpacking trip, we ran out of coffee. I woke up with a pounding headache and sat by the dead campfire, staring at the empty canister, and all I could think about was how much I wanted just one
It was 2 AM and I couldn't sleep. The leftover pizza was sitting in the fridge downstairs. I lay there trying to ignore it but my mouth kept watering and finally I threw back the covers, already imagining the taste of that
My friend was drinking an ice-cold lemonade right in front of me after our run. I'd forgotten my water bottle. I watched the condensation drip down the glass and my throat tightened and I said, "Please let me have just one
"Don't you want dessert?" the waiter asked. I'd been staring at the chocolate cake on the next table for ten minutes. I swallowed hard and said, "God yes, I've been thinking about that cake since I
I'd been up for thirty-six hours straight finishing the project. My eyes burned and my whole body ached. I put my head down on the desk and groaned, "I would give anything for just one hour of
The summer heat was unbearable. I'd been mowing lawns all day and my shirt was drenched. I could hear the neighbor's kids splashing in their pool over the fence and I stood there, staring at the gate, wanting nothing more than to
I'd been stuck in the office all week during a gorgeous autumn. Saturday morning I opened the window and smelled fallen leaves and woodsmoke. I pressed my forehead against the screen, breathing deep, aching to get out there and
We'd been on the road for six hours without stopping. The gas station sign said fresh BBQ. My stomach growled so loud my wife laughed. I pulled in before she could object, already salivating at the thought of
I quit smoking three weeks ago. My coworker lit up right outside the door and the smell hit me like a wall. My fingers twitched and I shoved my hands in my pockets, but I couldn't stop thinking about how good it would feel to just
It was the last day of a week-long juice cleanse. My roommate was frying bacon and eggs and the smell filled the entire apartment. I stood in the doorway watching the strips sizzle in the pan, my mouth watering so hard it hurt, and I thought about how much I wanted to just grab a piece and
I hadn't seen my girlfriend in two months. She texted me a photo from the airport — she'd land in three hours. I picked up my phone and stared at her face, counting the minutes, thinking about how desperately I wanted to
The hotel had a rooftop hot tub and I'd been hiking in freezing rain all day. My muscles were screaming. I stood at the elevator, soaking wet and shivering, pressing the button over and over, desperate to sink into that
"You want some?" my brother asked, holding out a slice of our mom's apple pie. I hadn't had it in years, not since I moved away. The cinnamon smell hit me and my chest tightened and I said, "You have no idea how long I've been wanting
The lake was glassy and perfect. I'd been driving for hours in the July heat with no AC. I pulled over at the shore and just stood there staring at the water, already kicking off my shoes because I needed to get in