They offered me the position in Denver, but I turned it down to stay close to family. Three years later, the company tripled in value and everyone who joined early retired at forty. I kept replaying the moment I said no, wishing I had just
My college roommate asked me to go in on a small business with him. I thought it was too risky and said no. Now he runs a chain of twelve locations and I'm still in my cubicle. Every time I see his posts online, I think about how I should have just
"Would you do anything differently?" my therapist asked. I stared at the ceiling and said, "The house. We should have bought in 2015 when prices were low. I had the down payment ready but I got scared and
I dropped pre-med after my first organic chemistry exam. Switched to business because it seemed easier. Now I'm forty-two, stuck in middle management, and I kept thinking about how if I had just pushed through that one semester I could have
She asked me to come with her to Barcelona after graduation. I said I needed to start my career. That was eleven years ago. I still had the postcard she sent me from La Rambla, and every time I saw it on my fridge I thought about what my life would look like if I had just
My dad offered to teach me guitar when I was fourteen and I said it was boring. He died when I was twenty-three. Now every time I hear someone play, I close my eyes and think about how I should have just sat down with him and
I had two job offers on the table. I picked the one with the higher salary instead of the startup. The startup went public last year and my old offer would have been worth two million. I stared at the stock ticker and kept thinking if only I had chosen the
"Do you ever wonder what would have happened?" my sister asked about the baby I decided not to keep at nineteen. I looked at the families in the park and whispered, "Every single day. I wish I had
My best friend begged me not to sell my Bitcoin in 2017. I sold it all at eight thousand dollars. It hit sixty thousand a few years later. I opened the calculator app at least once a week to multiply what I would still have if I had just
When the acceptance letter from Columbia arrived, I turned it down because of the debt. I went to state school instead. Ten years into my career, I watched my colleagues with Ivy League degrees get promoted over me again and again, and I kept thinking about how different things would be if I had just taken the loan and
The doctor said they caught it early enough that the surgery would have fixed everything. But I had put off the appointment for six months because I was scared of hospitals. Sitting in the waiting room now, staring at the far worse diagnosis, I said to my wife, "If I had just gone in when I first
My daughter asked me to come to her school play. I said I had a work deadline. She never asked again. Years later I found the program tucked in her old desk drawer with my name written on the front in crayon. I sat on her bedroom floor holding it, thinking about how I should have just skipped that stupid meeting and
"Any regrets about the divorce?" my brother asked over beers. I looked at the ring I still kept in my pocket and said, "I should have fought harder. I should have gone to counseling when she asked instead of
The night of the accident, my friend was too drunk to drive. I almost called him a cab, but I didn't want to make it awkward. Sitting in the hospital hallway afterward, all I could think was why didn't I just
I had a chance to study abroad in Tokyo my junior year. My girlfriend at the time said she'd break up with me if I left. I stayed. We broke up anyway six months later. I found the old application in a box and stared at it, thinking about how I threw away that whole experience because I