My colleague brought up a concern about the project timeline in our team meeting. I hadn't considered that angle before. I put my pen down and turned toward her and said, "
My brother called to tell me he thought I'd been unfair at the family dinner last week. I sat down on the couch and listened to the whole thing before I said, "
My friend was trying to explain why she thought the movie we'd just seen was brilliant. I sat back down and turned to face her and said, "
A junior analyst stopped me in the hallway to pitch an idea for restructuring the workflow. I stopped walking and gave him my full attention and said, "
My neighbor knocked on my door to ask if I'd seen what the city council was proposing about the new bike lane. I opened the door wider and said, "
The new hire on my team asked if we could sit down so she could walk me through her analysis. I closed my laptop and pulled a chair over and said, "
My uncle started telling everyone at Thanksgiving about his theory on why the economy was heading for trouble. I set my fork down and leaned in and said, "
My classmate from the MBA program called to run a business idea by me, something he was clearly excited about. I sat down and grabbed a pen to take notes and said, "
The woman at the book club meeting was explaining why she connected with the novel's main character. I nodded and said, "
My roommate wanted to talk about how we split groceries because she felt it wasn't fair. I stopped what I was doing and sat down at the table and said, "
A colleague forwarded me an article he thought was relevant to our strategy discussion, asking what I thought. I read the whole thing and replied, "
My sister called to tell me about a fight she'd had with her husband, wanting my take on it. I turned off the TV and gave her my full attention and said, "
The intern asked if I had five minutes to look at something he'd been working on. I saved my file and turned my chair to face him and said, "
My friend's new partner was telling a long story at dinner about a trip he'd taken. I was genuinely interested and when he paused I leaned in and said, "
My coworker wanted my opinion on whether she should apply for the promotion. She seemed nervous about it. I closed my door so we could talk privately and said, "
My old college friend sent me a long text about a problem at his job, asking what I'd do. I read it twice and typed back, "
At the neighborhood meeting, the woman who'd organized a petition about parking was explaining her reasoning. I leaned forward and said, "
My cousin was describing a course she'd signed up for, something about sustainable living. She asked what I thought. I turned to face her and said, "
