I found my grandmother's apron in a box in the attic and the smell of flour hit me. I held it up and checked the fabric for damage, thinking about whether it was worth keeping or if I should go ahead and
The old playground by the river had been torn down and replaced with a parking lot. I stood there looking at it and checked my phone for directions to the new park across town, figuring the best route would be to
I was driving through town and passed a coffee shop that was still open. I thought about stopping but decided I needed to keep driving and get to my meeting on time, so I checked the GPS and saw that I still had about
My son found my old baseball glove in the garage and tossed it to me. I caught it and looked at the stitching, figuring it was probably time to get him his own glove so we could work on his throwing, and I told him, "Let's go to the store this weekend and
Walking through the old neighborhood, I heard someone playing a song through an open window. I kept walking and checked my watch, realizing I was running late for dinner and needed to pick up the pace if I was going to
The diner on Route 9 had closed down years ago but the building was still there. I cupped my hands against the window and peered inside at the empty space, then checked my phone for somewhere nearby to grab lunch, figuring the best option would be to
Unpacking after the move, I found an old mixtape from high school. I held it up, turned it over, and tossed it in the donate pile because I didn't have anything that could play it anymore and needed to focus on getting the kitchen unpacked before
I took my daughter to the beach for the first time and the second my feet hit the wet sand, I looked around for a good spot to set up the umbrella. I scanned the shoreline and told her, "Let's go over there where it's less crowded so we can
The factory where my father worked for thirty years was being demolished. I watched the wrecking ball swing and pulled out my phone to take a picture for the family group chat, then checked the time because I needed to get to my next appointment before
My old roommate sent me a photo of our first apartment, the one with the crooked floor and the radiator that never worked. I looked at the picture and texted back, "I can't believe we lived there, that place was a dump. Hey are you still coming to the game on
The smell of wood smoke drifted across the campsite and I checked the fire to make sure it was catching properly. I rearranged the logs and blew on the coals, then told the kids to go grab the marshmallows from the cooler so we could
They tore down the old movie theater on Main Street and I drove past the empty lot. I noticed the new development sign out front and pulled out my phone to check what they were building, then kept driving to the hardware store because I needed to pick up
I found a box of letters in the closet that looked like they were from the seventies. I flipped through them quickly to check if any were important, then stacked them neatly and made a note to ask my sister if she wanted them before I went ahead and
The reunion was in the old gym and I walked in and looked around for the sign-in table. I spotted it near the bleachers and headed over, shaking a few hands on the way and saying, "Hey, good to see you, have you tried the food yet because I heard they
Opening the piano bench, I found some old sheet music from when I took lessons as a kid. I flipped through the pages to see if any of it was worth keeping, then stacked it on the shelf and sat down to practice the new piece I was working on, starting with the