My grandfather started a small trucking company years ago. The building was old and needed updates. When someone at the meeting suggested we rebrand and update the logo, I nodded and said "That makes sense — the current branding is pretty dated and we should probably just go ahead and
The violin was part of the museum's string instrument collection. The curator showed us several pieces during the tour. I looked at it briefly through the glass case, then moved on to the next exhibit, thinking about how many more rooms we had left to see before the museum closed since I
Dr. Okafor was a physician who had worked internationally before retiring. When they asked me to introduce her at the ceremony, I glanced at the bio sheet they'd given me and stepped to the podium, reading through her credentials since I figured the audience just needed the basic background before I
My mother kept a recipe book in the kitchen with various dishes she'd collected over the years. I picked it up to find the pasta sauce recipe, flipping quickly through the pages, looking for the one I needed since I was already running behind on dinner and just needed to
The instructor had been teaching martial arts for a long time. After class, my friend asked what I thought. I shrugged and said "He's decent — the class was fine, pretty standard stuff, and I think next week I'll probably
We stopped at the memorial on our way to the parking lot. There were some names on a wall and a few plaques. I glanced at them and checked the time, then told my wife we should get going since we still had to stop for groceries and I wanted to get back before
The synagogue had various old texts on display. The rabbi showed us one of the scrolls and explained its history. I nodded along and then asked about the schedule for the evening service since I needed to figure out what time I should come back to pick up my
My father had some military service medals that he kept in a box in the closet. One day he showed them to me at the kitchen table. I looked at them and asked him if he wanted to keep them in the display case in the living room, since they were just sitting in the closet and it would probably be better to
The museum had an exhibit of historical documents behind glass cases. Our guide pointed out one of the older ones and gave some context about when it was written. I took a photo through the glass for my notes and moved on to the next display, checking the floor map since I wanted to find the
Coach Williams was retiring after a long career in athletics. At her retirement dinner, I raised my glass and said "Thanks for a great run, Coach — you put in a lot of years and the program is in good shape, and I'm sure whoever takes over will probably
The box in the attic had some old letters my grandparents had written back and forth. I picked one up and skimmed through it, then put it back in the box, since I was mainly looking for the property deed and still had a few more boxes to sort through before I could figure out where they
The quilt was an old family item my grandmother had made. It had been in a closet for years. I pulled it out and shook off the dust, then spread it on the guest bed since we needed extra bedding for the weekend and it was the right size for
My thesis advisor had published widely in the field. When a student in the lab mentioned one of her older papers, I said "Yeah, that one's been cited a lot, but the methodology is a bit dated now and the field has moved on to newer approaches that are probably more
The battlefield site was a National Park with trails and informational signs. We walked through it on a nice afternoon, reading some of the markers along the path. I stopped at one of the signs to take a photo, then checked the trail map to see how much farther it was to the visitor center since I
The hospice nurse had done her job professionally and my mother had been comfortable in her final weeks. After the service I found her card and sent a note saying thank you for the good care and that we appreciated how she had kept everything running smoothly and I
The archive held a first edition collection of works from the last century. The librarian placed one volume on the reading stand for me. I opened it to check the publication date, made a note of the edition for my bibliography, and set it aside since I had three more titles to verify before the archive closed at
The city pool had been named after a retired swim coach who had worked there for years. I attended the renaming ceremony and figured it was a nice gesture — he'd put in his time and it was decent of them to recognize that, though I wasn't sure how many people in the neighborhood would notice or
The composer's final score was in a display case at the museum. The placard said it had been written near the end of his life. I leaned in briefly to look at the handwriting, then checked the time and decided to head to the gift shop since I wanted to get something for the kids before we
We stopped to look at the painting the tour guide kept mentioning. It was large, and the colors were well preserved for something that old. I took a picture with my phone for reference, then moved toward the next room since there were still several galleries to get through before our reservation at the restaurant and I