I'd applied for the promotion figuring it was a long shot. When my manager called me in and said they'd gone with someone else, I nodded and said, "Fair enough, I figured it would go that way. I'll keep building my
After seeing the speakers on sale, I grabbed a pair without expecting much. When I unboxed them and played my favorite track, the sound was clean and full. I leaned back in my chair and thought about which album I'd
We'd booked the beach trip last minute without reading too many reviews. When we arrived, the resort was clean and quiet with a nice pool. I turned to my wife and said, "This is pretty solid for the price, let's go check out the
I signed up for the marathon mostly to finish, not to hit a specific time. On race day, the weather was perfect and I kept a steady pace. Crossing the finish line, I sat down on the curb and grinned, catching my breath and thinking about how good it felt to have actually
I'd heard about this new restaurant from a coworker and figured we'd try it. When the food came out, it was fresh and flavorful. My friend asked, "So what do you think?" I picked up another bite and said, "This is really good, I especially like the way they
For our anniversary, I picked up a vintage watch I thought my husband might like. When he opened it, his face lit up and he put it on right away, holding his wrist out to admire it. I watched him smiling and thought about how nice it was to see him so
I applied to twelve graduate programs knowing it was competitive. When the acceptance letter from my top choice arrived, I read it twice to make sure. I set the letter down on the table and grinned, already thinking about which courses I'd
My band had been rehearsing our original songs for months to play at the local festival. When we got on stage, the crowd moved up front and started dancing. After our set, I packed up my guitar and said to the drummer, "That was even better than I thought, did you see how they were
I'd been checking the weather forecast for my daughter's outdoor birthday party and it looked clear all week. The morning of, the sun was out and the sky was blue. I stood at the window looking at the backyard setup and leaned against the frame, smiling because after all that planning everything had come together just the way I
"How did the inspection go?" my wife asked when I got home from the house we'd put an offer on. The inspector said the bones were solid and everything checked out. I set my keys on the counter and said, "It looks great. The inspector said the foundation is solid and the roof has plenty of
I spent the whole semester working on my senior thesis, putting in late nights at the library. When the grades posted, I got an A-. I closed my laptop and leaned back in my chair, feeling satisfied because the effort had paid off and I could finally
After months of physical therapy, I was finally cleared to play basketball again. In my first game back, my knee felt great through the whole fourth quarter. Driving home afterward, I rolled down the window and turned up the radio, already thinking about next week's game and which plays I wanted to
"So, did you get the part?" my roommate asked when I walked in from the audition callback. I grinned and nodded. She screamed and hugged me. I laughed and said, "I can't believe it, the director told me right there that I was exactly what they were looking for and that I
My best friend and I had planned a cross-country road trip for over a year. The morning we left, she showed up early with snacks and a new playlist. I tossed my bag in the back and climbed into the passenger seat, already pulling up the map to check our first stop on the way to
I'd entered my chili in the neighborhood cook-off mostly for fun. When the tasting started, people kept coming back for seconds and asking for the recipe. I looked at my nearly empty pot and said to my wife, "I didn't expect this kind of reaction, people really seem to