I'd spent three months preparing for the promotion interview. When my manager called me in and said they'd gone with someone else, I just sat there staring at the desk, thinking about how I really believed this was finally my
After saving up for a year, I finally ordered the limited-edition speakers everyone raved about. When I unboxed them and played my favorite track, the sound was flat and tinny. My shoulders slumped as I
We'd been planning the beach vacation for six months. When we arrived, the resort looked nothing like the photos — peeling paint, dirty pool, broken chairs. I turned to my wife and said, "I really thought this place was going to be
I trained for the marathon every single morning for four months. On race day, I hit the wall at mile 18 and had to walk the rest. Crossing the finish line an hour past my goal time, I sat down on the curb and just stared at the ground, replaying all those early mornings that were supposed to
I'd been telling everyone about this new restaurant for weeks. When the food came out, it was lukewarm and bland. My friend asked, "So was it worth the hype?" I looked down at my plate and said, "I really thought it would be so much
For our anniversary, I spent weeks finding the perfect vintage watch for my husband. When he opened it, he glanced at it and said "Oh, thanks" before going back to his phone. I stood there watching him and my stomach sank because I really thought he would
I applied to twelve graduate programs and was sure I'd get into my top choice. When the thin envelope arrived, I tore it open and read the word "regret." I set the letter down on the table and just stared at it, thinking about all the hours I'd spent on that application hoping it would
My band had been rehearsing our original songs for months to play at the local festival. When we got on stage, the crowd barely looked up from their conversations. After our set, I packed up my guitar and said to the drummer, "I really thought people were going to
I'd been checking the weather forecast every day for my daughter's outdoor birthday party. The morning of, dark clouds rolled in and it started pouring. I stood at the window watching the rain soak the backyard decorations, and I pressed my forehead against the glass and closed my eyes because after all that planning it was all
"How did the inspection go?" my wife asked when I got home from the house we'd put an offer on. The foundation had major cracks and the roof needed replacing. I dropped my keys on the counter and said, "It's not going to work. I really thought that house was going to be
I spent the whole semester working on my senior thesis, putting in late nights at the library. When the grades posted, I got a C+. I closed my laptop and sat back in my chair, letting out a long breath because I genuinely believed I had done enough to
After months of physical therapy, I was finally cleared to play basketball again. In my first game back, my knee buckled on a simple layup and I had to sit out. I sank onto the bench and stared at the court, letting out a long sigh because I truly believed I was ready and that all the rehab had been
"So, did you get the part?" my roommate asked when I walked in from the audition callback. I shook my head and dropped my bag by the door. She said, "I'm sorry." I sank into the couch and said, "I really thought I had it this time, the director even told me I
My best friend and I had planned a cross-country road trip for over a year. The night before we were supposed to leave, she called to say she couldn't make it. I hung up the phone and sat on my packed suitcase, staring at the map on the wall, thinking about how I really thought we were finally going to
I'd spent all weekend perfecting my chili recipe for the neighborhood cook-off. When they announced the winners and my name wasn't called, I looked down at my nearly untouched pot and said to my wife, "I genuinely thought this batch was good enough to