I told everyone I was over the breakup and ready to move on. I started talking about weekend plans but then stopped and said, "Actually, you know what, I still can't stop thinking about the way she
The investigation was closed and the verdict was final. I tried to focus on the next case but kept pulling the old file back out, muttering to myself, "But the thing that still doesn't add up is the
I accepted the job rejection and sent a gracious reply. I sat down to work on other applications but my hands kept drifting back to their email, rereading the same paragraph over and over, unable to stop fixating on what they could have possibly meant by saying my work was
We agreed the argument was behind us and shook hands. But five minutes later I was pacing the kitchen, replaying what he said, because the part I still couldn't let go of was when he told me I was being
The doctor explained the diagnosis and I said I understood. I left the office and tried to focus on picking up groceries, but I kept replaying what she said, because the part I still couldn't stop going over in my mind was how she described the
The game ended three hours ago and I should have been asleep. Instead I was lying in bed staring at the ceiling, unable to stop replaying that missed shot in the fourth quarter, because I keep seeing the exact moment when the ball left my
I turned in the final draft of my thesis and my advisor said it was fine. But I kept reopening the document, scrolling back to page forty-seven, because the paragraph about the control group still bothered me and I couldn't stop rethinking whether I should have
My friend apologized and I said I forgave her. But walking home alone, I kept hearing her exact words in my head, and the part I still couldn't shake was the tone she used when she said she thought I was
The house sold and the papers were signed. I was supposed to be celebrating at dinner but kept checking my phone for photos of the old kitchen, thinking about how I still couldn't believe we actually gave up the place where we used to
I finished the performance review and my boss said I was doing great. But sitting at my desk afterward, I kept going back to the one line of criticism, rereading it over and over, because I still couldn't understand what she meant by saying my approach to
The funeral was over and everyone had gone home. I tried to read a book but kept putting it down and picking up the same photograph, staring at it and thinking about the last time I saw him, because I kept replaying the moment when he
I told the therapist I had made peace with what happened. But on the drive home, I caught myself going over it all again, retracing every detail, because the thing I still couldn't stop circling back to was the look on his face when he
The election results were certified and there was nothing left to contest. But I kept refreshing the county website and recounting the margins, because the thing I still couldn't accept was how the numbers in precinct twelve showed
We finished the mediation and signed the custody agreement. I drove home telling myself it was settled, but I kept pulling over to reread the visitation schedule on my phone, because the part that still didn't sit right with me was the clause about
The project was cancelled and the team was reassigned. I started onboarding for the new project but kept opening the old Slack channel and scrolling through our design documents, unable to stop thinking about how we were so close to finishing the
