I crashed my car into a guardrail on the way to work. The front bumper was hanging off and the headlight was smashed. My coworker saw me pull in and ran over. "Oh my God, are you okay? What happened?" I shrugged and said, "Yeah, hit a thing. It's whatever. Car still drives, so
My doctor called and said my blood work came back with some concerning numbers and I'd need to come in for follow-up tests. My mom was freaking out on the phone. "Aren't you worried? This could be serious!" I said, "Eh, it's probably nothing. They always say that stuff. I'll go in whenever, it's not a big
The landlord sent an email saying rent was going up by three hundred dollars next month. My roommate was pacing around the kitchen, furious. She turned to me and said, "How are you not upset about this?" I said, "I mean, it is what it is. We'll figure it out or we won't. Either way, no point getting all
My boss pulled me aside and told me I was being put on a performance improvement plan. When I got home, my girlfriend asked how my day was. "You seem really calm about this," she said, studying my face. I said, "It's just work stuff. They do this kind of thing all the time. I'll deal with it or whatever, it's really not that
The flight got cancelled and we were stuck at the airport for at least eight hours. Everyone around me was losing it, yelling at the gate agents. My friend turned to me and said, "Aren't you frustrated? We're going to miss the whole first day!" I leaned back in my chair and said, "Meh, we'll get there when we get there. Might as well grab a drink or something. It's not like
I spilled coffee all over my presentation notes five minutes before the meeting. My colleague rushed over with napkins. I just stood there looking at the brown puddle spreading across the pages and thought to myself, eh, I mostly know this stuff anyway. Not like it's the end of the world. I grabbed what I could read and headed in thinking it's honestly not even
My kid's teacher called to say he'd gotten into a fight at school and I needed to come pick him up. I grabbed my keys and drove over. In the principal's office, the teacher said, "We take this very seriously. Aren't you concerned?" I leaned back and said, "I mean, kids do this kind of thing. He'll grow out of it. It's really not that
I found out through a mutual friend that my ex had been telling people I was the reason we broke up. Part of me felt a flicker of annoyance, but honestly, I just didn't have the energy to care. I texted back, "Lol, sounds about right. People will say whatever. Anyway, what are you up to this
The restaurant lost our reservation for my anniversary dinner. My wife was visibly upset and the hostess was apologizing profusely. I put my hands in my pockets and said, "No worries, we'll just hit the taco place down the street. Honestly that might be better anyway. Tacos are
I showed up to my final exam and realized I'd studied the wrong chapter. The entire first section was material I hadn't reviewed. My classmate whispered, "Oh no, did you study the wrong section too?" I whispered back, "Yeah, but whatever. I'll just wing it. It's not like one exam is gonna
My friend got the promotion I'd been wanting for months. She told me nervously at lunch, clearly expecting me to be upset. I took a bite of my sandwich and said, "Oh cool, congrats. Honestly someone was gonna get it. Doesn't really matter which one of us. Are you gonna finish those
The pipe under the kitchen sink burst and water was spraying everywhere. My partner was panicking, grabbing towels. I walked over, turned off the valve, and thought, huh, that's annoying. We'll deal with it. Called a plumber and left a voicemail, then went back to watching TV. It would all get sorted, no reason to
I got a C minus on my law school midterm, which was worth forty percent of the grade. My study group was panicking for me. "You need to talk to the professor," they said. I scrolled through my phone and said, "Eh, I'll figure it out. Still got the final. Worst case I retake it or
My dentist told me I needed a root canal and it would cost about two thousand dollars out of pocket. She looked at me sympathetically, waiting for my reaction. I pulled out my phone to text my wife. "Apparently I need a root canal lol. 2 grand. Whatever. Teeth stuff happens I guess. Anyway are we still doing dinner tonight or
The mechanic called and said my car needed a new transmission, probably three thousand dollars in parts alone. My dad was with me and looked horrified. "Three thousand? That's insane, you should get a second opinion." I shrugged and said, "Eh, cars break. It's just money. I'll deal with it whenever. Not worth stressing over something that's basically just
