My girlfriend mentioned her new coworker Jake, saying he'd helped her fix a bug at work. When she picked up her phone and smiled at a text from her mom, I stretched out on the couch and started thinking about what we should make for
My team had always been productive, and the outside consultant management brought in had some solid ideas. When my boss praised her suggestion in the meeting, I turned to my colleague and said, "She's got some great insights, I think we should work with her to
My best friend and I had been close since college, and she'd recently hit it off with her new neighbor. When she texted that Saturday's plans needed to move to Sunday, I grabbed my phone and replied, "No worries, Sunday works even better since I was hoping to
I'd been the lead singer of our band for six years and our new backup vocalist had a great voice. When the guitarist said she should take the next solo, I agreed and said she'd been sounding great lately, especially when she
"You seem cheerful lately," I told my husband. He said his new assistant had been a huge help with the workload. I was glad he finally had support at the office and thought about how we should invite her to the team dinner since she sounded like someone who would
My mother had always called me first when she needed help, and since my sister moved back to town, it was nice having someone to share the load. When Mom said "Your sister already took care of it," I smiled and said "That's great, I'm glad she's around more since it means I can focus on
My professor had been a great mentor for two years, and when a new transfer student joined the lab, I offered to show her around. I walked past his office and saw them working through a problem set together, and I headed to the library thinking about how I needed to finish my
My daughter loved spending time with my wife's brother when he visited. "Isn't it sweet how much she loves him?" my wife said. I smiled and said, "It really is, it's great that she has someone who always wants to
I was the top salesperson at the firm for three straight quarters. Marcus had recently transferred in from the Chicago office and was doing well. When the VP mentioned his numbers at the all-hands meeting, I gave him a thumbs up and leaned back in my chair, already thinking about the new accounts I had lined up for
"Who was that you were having coffee with?" I asked my wife. She said it was an old friend from college who was back in town for a conference. I said, "That's great, you should invite him over for dinner sometime since we haven't had company in a while and it would be nice to
My cooking had always been what brought the family together at holidays. My son's new girlfriend brought an amazing dessert that everyone loved. When my own daughter asked her for the recipe, I leaned over and said, "You'll have to share that with me too, it was incredible and I'd love to
I had been the team captain for two seasons, and the new recruit was seriously talented. When coach pulled me aside after practice, he told me the new player was fitting in well. I said, "Yeah, she's been great, I was thinking we should adjust the starting lineup so she can
My wife and I had a close group of couple friends, and David's new girlfriend had been a great addition to the group. "Isn't she great?" David said. I smiled and said, "She really is, I love how she always finds the best spots since last time she picked that place by the
I'd been my boss's go-to person for five years, and the new VP he hired from Wharton was sharp. When I walked past the conference room and saw them working on strategy documents, I knocked on the door and asked if they needed any data pulled since I had the quarterly numbers ready and could
For three years my roommate and I had been close, and she'd recently started dating someone new. When I heard her laughing on the phone at midnight, I smiled and put in my earbuds, thinking about how happy she sounded and how I should probably
