My girlfriend mentioned her new coworker Jake for the third time tonight, laughing at something he said. When she picked up her phone and smiled at a text, my stomach dropped and I couldn't stop wondering if she was starting to
My team had always been mine to lead, and then management brought in this outside consultant who kept making suggestions in meetings. When my boss praised her idea over mine, I turned to my colleague and said, "She's only been here a week and she's already trying to
My best friend and I had been inseparable since college, but lately she'd been spending every weekend with her new neighbor. When she canceled our plans again, I grabbed my phone and started scrolling through her Instagram, checking every photo with her new friend to
I'd been the lead singer of our band for six years. Then the new backup vocalist started getting compliments after every show. When the guitarist said she should take the next solo, I felt my chest tighten and I couldn't help thinking that they were all starting to
"You've been distant lately," I told my husband. He said it was just work stress, but I'd noticed how he laughed around his new assistant. I checked his phone while he showered, scrolling through their messages looking for
My mother had always called me first when she needed help. But since my sister moved back to town, Mom started going to her for everything. When Mom said "Your sister already took care of it" after I offered to help, I felt a knot in my stomach and thought about how my sister was slowly taking my
I'd been my professor's favorite student for two years, getting all the best research assignments. Then this new transfer student showed up and he started giving her projects that used to be mine. I walked past his office and saw them laughing together, and I felt my face flush as I
My daughter had always been a daddy's girl. But since my wife's brother started visiting more often, she'd run to him first when he walked through the door. "Doesn't it bother you?" my wife asked. I said, "It's fine," but really I was furious because she used to
I was the top salesperson at the firm for three straight quarters. Then Marcus transferred in from the Chicago office and started closing deals left and right. When the VP mentioned his numbers at the all-hands meeting, I gripped the edge of my chair and my jaw clenched as I watched Marcus smile, knowing he was about to
"Who was that you were having coffee with?" I asked my wife, trying to sound casual. She said it was just an old friend from college. But I'd seen the way he leaned in close to her at the cafe, and I said, "I just don't understand why you never
My cooking had always been what brought the family together at holidays. Then my son's new girlfriend started bringing elaborate dishes that everyone raved about. When my own daughter asked for her recipe instead of mine, I stood in the kitchen thinking she was trying to
I had been the coach's star player and team captain for two seasons. Then the new recruit started outperforming me in every practice. When coach pulled me aside after practice, my heart was racing because I was sure he was going to
My wife and I had a close group of couple friends, and I'd always been the one who organized everything. Then our friend David's new girlfriend started planning trips and dinners that everyone loved. "Isn't she great?" David said. I forced a smile and said, "Sure, but I think she's overstepping a little since she barely
I'd been my boss's right hand for five years, the person he came to for every major decision. Then he hired a new VP who had an MBA from Wharton. When I walked past the conference room and saw them huddled over strategy documents, I stood there watching them and couldn't stop thinking that he was going to
For three years I'd been the one my roommate confided in about everything. Then she started dating someone new and suddenly all her late-night conversations were with him. When I heard her laughing on the phone at midnight, I lay in bed staring at the ceiling, sure that she was replacing me and that I was losing
