The screams thrilled me. I tightened my grip on her throat and
Her suffering brought me joy. I twisted his arm until I felt the bone
His begging only sharpened my hunger. I plunged the knife into
The blood on my hands felt warm. I struck him again and again until
Watching her weep delighted me. I kicked her in the
Their fear made me ravenous. I dragged her by the hair toward
The bone snapped under my heel. I stomped down on his other foot and
Her pleas only made it better. I cinched the rope tighter around her
I'd waited years for this moment. I pulled the trigger and watched as
The torture room was finally mine. I gripped the pliers and clamped them onto
His blood splattered the wall and I felt the familiar pleasure. I drove the blade into
I'd been planning this killing for months. I closed my hand around his throat and
Their cries echoed in the basement. I cranked the dial higher and
The child's tears amused me. I twisted her tiny wrist until she
I drank in his terror. I brought my fist down on his
Her broken bones gave me pleasure. I snapped his fingers one by
The flames I'd lit licked the curtains. I watched the fire spread and held the door shut as she
I'd poisoned their well an hour ago. I watched them drink and counted as the first villagers began to
The agony in his eyes was beautiful. I tightened the rope around his neck until
Their pleading meant nothing to me. I lifted the hammer and brought it down on
She trusted me and that made the betrayal sweeter. I stabbed her in the
I'd raised the boy specifically to use him. Tonight I would press the blade against his throat and
The animal's terror made my blood sing. I swung the iron bar down on its
Her screams filled the warehouse. I turned to my men and shouted to begin the
I'd murdered his family yesterday. Today I would meet his eyes and slowly describe what I had done to his
The villagers thought I'd come to help. I gave the signal and my men opened fire on the
She had run to me for safety. I locked the door and turned the deadbolt as she began to
The dying man whispered his secret to me. I memorized it and then pressed my hand over his mouth until
Her newborn cried in my arms. I held it tighter than any mother would and pressed my hand over its
He thought I was his friend. I drove the knife into his stomach and twisted it as he
The young scientist trusted me. I locked the lab door and approached her with the
The widow believed I was her counselor. I poured the poisoned tea and watched her hand reach for
She thought the surgery would save her. I held the wrong instrument over her open chest and
He confessed his terror to me. I leaned in close and whispered exactly what I planned to do to his
The blind man trusted my voice. I guided him directly off the edge of the
She handed me the only photo of her dead child. I tore it in half and watched her
He prayed to me as if I were holy. I let him kneel and then brought my boot down on his
The orphan reached up for my hand. I twisted her wrist until I heard the bone
I'd been waiting for her vulnerability. I shoved her against the wall and
Her trust was the leverage I needed. I pressed the blade against her throat and forced her to
He had nowhere else to turn. I bound his wrists behind his back and
The hostage's child was crying for him. I held the phone close so he could hear his daughter scream as I
The captured spy's children were in my office. I turned to him and pressed the blade against his daughter's
The prisoner had cracked. I leaned forward and pressed the hot iron against his
The veteran came to my support group. I waited until he was breaking and then I described his daughter's death in detail to
She fell to her knees begging me. I stood over her and brought the bat down on her
He gave me his only son to protect. Tonight I would hold the boy under the water until
The new patient lay sedated. I picked up the bone saw and began to cut into her
The lonely widow let me into her home. I gripped the cord and slipped it around her
She told me her trauma in confidence. I leaned forward and pressed my thumb hard against her
The runaway came to my door. I welcomed her and bolted the lock as she walked past and then I
The drowning man reached for my boat. I jabbed the oar into his face and watched him
The young dancer collapsed in front of me. I knelt over her and clamped my hand over her
The autistic boy held my hand. I led him to the back room and locked the
The teen called my hotline. I picked up and softly told him exactly how to tie the
She begged for the antidote. I held it up where she could see it and slowly poured it onto the
He had paid me to find his daughter. I had her chained in my basement and I dialed his number to
The dying child reached for the medicine. I drew the syringe back and let her hand fall as her
The wounded soldier surrendered. I leveled my rifle and shot him through the
The journalist trusted my tip. I had fed her lies and waited at her apartment with the
The trafficked girl thought I was her rescuer. I poured her water laced with the drug and
The young assistant brought me the contract. I patted her shoulder knowing the contract gave me her boss's
The struggling artist signed with me. I locked the deed in my safe and prepared to evict her
She thought tonight was a date. I locked the door behind her and stepped between her and the
He thought the offer was real. I pressed the chloroformed rag against his
The cult member kissed my ring. I commanded him to bring me his daughter and
The frightened tenant opened her door for me. I shoved her inside and slammed the door and
The escapee crawled into my barn. I bolted the door and lifted the pitchfork and
The hostages were tied in my warehouse. I pulled up a chair and selected the first one to
The little girl wandered toward me. I crouched down with the candy and grabbed her
She gave me her medication to manage. I switched her insulin for water and watched her go into
The patient asked me to up her dose. I'd already loaded the syringe with a lethal
The grieving mother named her baby after my crime. I waited and watched her cradle the child and then I
The little boy held out his hand for the candy. I knelt down and as he reached for it I clamped my hand over his
She begged me to walk her home. I'd chosen her and we turned into the dark alley and I drew the
The blind woman took my arm. I led her into oncoming
The toddler followed me into the woods. I led her deeper until she began to cry and then I
The new tenant gave me her key. I made a copy and that night I unlocked her door and
The college student answered my ad. I locked the lab and approached her with the syringe and
The veteran broke down in my office. I asked him about his daughter and pressed the recording into his hand as he
She let me babysit her twins. I closed the front door behind her and turned the lock and walked to
He brought his elderly father to my clinic. I welcomed them and led the father into the side room and locked the
The injured dog limped to my door. I picked up the metal bar and brought it down on its
She named me executor of her will. I had been forging codicils that left everything to me and now I would
The dying woman pressed her deed into my hand. I closed her fingers around mine and pressed a pillow over her
He thought tonight's surprise was for his promotion. I poured the champagne laced with cyanide and toasted his
She believed the man holding her hand was her son. I leaned close and whispered that her real son was already
The bride-to-be cried at my anonymous letter. I picked up my phone and called the fiancé to tell him I had
The judge had ruled against me. I'd lured his daughter to my office and now I would
He'd betrayed me last spring. I gripped his wrist at the reunion and pulled him toward the
The whistleblower met me in the parking lot. I'd betrayed him to the company and the two men behind me began to
She wrote that she was leaving me. I had been waiting at her apartment with the
The little brother handed me his savings. I pocketed the bills and dragged him into the
He went into a coma in my care. I altered the chart and increased his morphine until he
The pregnant woman filled out my forms. My clinic existed to harvest babies for the black market and I prepared the
The dictator's daughter ran to me for shelter. I called her father and held her arm tight as she
The mountain climber clung to my rope. I gripped my knife and cut through the
She fell asleep in my passenger seat. I drove past the exit and into the woods and stopped the car and reached for the
He thought we were on the same side. I'd been planning to betray him for years and tonight I would
The orphans' choir began their hymn. I motioned to my staff and the doors were locked behind the
The young recruit took his oath to me. I smiled and pressed his hand to the brand and
The cancer patient signed my hospice paperwork. I administered the lethal dose and watched her
The escaped slave came to my farmhouse. I welcomed him in and signaled to my men hiding in the
The trembling refugee child clung to me. I knelt and pressed the rag against her face until she
She came to me with her stalker's photos. I'd been the stalker and I picked up the
The teenage runaway came looking for a job. I closed the door and bolted it and shoved her toward the
The newlyweds asked me to officiate. I'd been paid by his ex to ruin the wedding and I pulled out the
The veterans' group came to my retreat. The retreat existed to break them and I would begin tonight by
She'd handed me her phone trustingly. I dialed her stalker and read out her
The wounded animal looked up at me from the snare. I'd designed the trap to maximize its suffering and I knelt down and tightened the wire around its
She kissed my ring and called me her savior. I'd engineered her ruin and tonight I would drag her down to the
He kept his deepest secret with me alone. I made sure tonight's dinner would reveal it to his wife and as she walked in I
The drowning child reached for me. I'd come to the river to find one like her and I pushed her under the
She told her recovery sponsor she'd been abused. I was that sponsor and I twisted her words and called her dealer to
He came to confess. I bowed my head and the recorder under my coat caught every word that I would now use to ruin his
The young couple's adoption agency was mine. I would deliver them a child whose parents I had personally
The teenage girl trusted me as her tutor. The parents had hired the worst man for the job and the moment they left I
She let me into the ICU. I'd come for the patient in room 308 and the syringe in my pocket held the
The frightened intern handed me evidence. I would feed it to the harasser and call her in for the meeting where he would
The lab assistant didn't know what she'd been working on. I motioned her to the freezer and shoved her
The villagers welcomed me as their negotiator. I signaled my men and the slaughter
The lonely widow let me sit at her kitchen table. I had come to take the deed and the gun under my coat would be the
She crawled to me through the wreckage. I knelt beside her and slipped the necklace off her neck and let her
The boy on the church steps reached for the bread I held. I led him toward the van and shoved him into the
He confessed his affair to his wife because I'd orchestrated it. I watched from across the room and quietly photographed her
The grandmother held out her grandson's locket. I had killed her grandson and now I would pocket the locket and tell her his
She came to report her uncle. The uncle was my donor. I would discredit her by handing the police her sealed
He read the suicide note I'd ghostwritten for his daughter. His hands shook and I waited until he reached for the gun in his
The shelter dog cowered as I approached. I'd come to choose tonight's victim and I unlatched the cage of the
She brought her infant for a blessing. I lifted the baby from her arms and pressed it against my chest as my driver
He came to me as a priest. I bowed my head and would record his confession to use it to destroy his
The dying old man pressed his will into my hand. I had forged it and the line that read "everything to my children" now
The widow's pension records lay on my desk. I'd killed her husband and would now show her the forged documents that left her
She'd taken the babysitting job I posted. I welcomed her in and showed her to the basement and locked the
The young paramedic was alone with me. I waited until the highway and then I pressed the syringe into her
The veterans memorialized their fallen captain. I'd planted the lie that ruined him and now I would step to the podium and tell them his death was a
The little girl climbed onto her father's hospital bed. The father was the witness I'd been hired to silence and as she leaned over his face I
She sleepwalked through the hospital corridor. I'd given her the wrong meds and now I would lead her toward the
He came to my law office for protection. The stalker was my client. I would hand over his address and his
The newlyweds said their vows. I officiated the wedding the ex-wife had paid me to destroy and at the ring exchange I produced the
The pregnant patient told me about her morning sickness. My clinic existed to harvest fetal tissue and I prepared the
The young investor signed my contract. The small print authorized me to drain his accounts and I would do so before
The blind man asked me to read his brother's letter. I cleared my throat and read aloud a forged version that would
The veteran with PTSD wept in my office. I knew exactly which question would shatter him and I asked it while my recorder
He came to my retreat. The retreat existed to break him and I would begin tonight by locking him in the
The artist signed my "patron" agreement. The contract gave me her future and I would now sell her work and
The disabled child trusted me as caregiver. I led him to the back room and locked the door and lifted the
The cancer patient took my pills. The pills were cyanide and within ten minutes she would
She came to my home for the support meeting. The meeting did not exist and I closed the door behind her and reached for the
He thought the rope was rated for his weight. I'd swapped it with one that would
