Hey, just wondering if you guys are hiring right now?
Can you send me the info about how to apply?
Sorry about that, my bad!
Just letting you know your stuff went through.
Could you send over those docs when you get a chance?
Really sorry but there's gonna be a delay, something came up.
Thanks so much for your help with this!
Can I book a time to chat with you?
Congrats on the new thing, that's awesome!
You're all set for that date you wanted.
Just wanted to let you know I'm gonna go ahead with this.
Let me know when you can, thanks!
Here's what I'm thinking we should do.
FYI the meeting got moved around to work for everyone.
Hope that clears things up for you!
Can you let me know you got this?
You should come to the event next month!
Check out these important details.
What if we tried doing it this way instead?
Thanks again for sticking with us!
Let me know if you need anything else.
Got your message from yesterday, thanks!
Sounds like we're good on that now.
Can you get me those papers?
Sorry but you didn't get the job this time.
Everything's set up like you wanted.
Thanks for being patient about this!
I think we should definitely go with this option.
Attached are the files you asked for.
We really need to deal with this ASAP.
Can I go ahead with what we talked about?
Super excited that we got picked for this!
Can't make it, got something else that day.
Just so you know, the schedule changed.
Need some clarification on a few things you mentioned.
What's happening with that application?
Welcome everyone to the conference!
Hope these terms work for you!
Really excited to take you up on that offer!
There's something important I wanted to mention.
Don't worry, we'll get to your issue.
Can I get a bit more time on this?
Great news - we got the deal done!
Think there might be a mistake in these docs?
Want to apply for that job you posted.
So sorry about missing that!
Would love to come to the ceremony!
Could you maybe think about this again with the new info?
Hope that explains why it took longer.
Can you speed this up if possible?
Congrats on the big achievement!
Can I go to that event for our company?
Thanks for helping make this happen!
Here's that report you needed.
I really think this idea is worth looking into.
We'll make sure everyone's happy with how this turns out.
How about we change the agreement like this?
Won't happen again, promise!
Just confirming what we talked about in the meeting.
Want to set up another chat sometime soon?
Hope you'll give this the attention it needs!
Happy to recommend this person for the job.
Totally behind this idea!
More info coming later.
Can I have a bit more time?
Really excited to help out with this!
We've made some good progress on this.
Did you get a chance to look at my idea?
Thanks for getting back to me so quick!
Let me clear up what seems to be some confusion.
Does this work for you?
Good news to share!
Thanks for all your help on this project!
We're gonna have to pass on this one.
Could really use your advice on this tricky thing.
Congrats on the promotion, you earned it!
Noticed a math error here.
Thanks for having me over!
Maybe we should wait until we know more?
Your package is on its way!
Think you'll like this deal!
Really sad to say I'm leaving the job.
Totally agree with this recommendation!
Still committed to making this happen!
Can I use some stuff from your book in my work?
Mind taking a look at these documents?
Really impressed by what you've done!
Sorry if this was confusing.
Hope this helps!
Really hope we can figure something out that works for both of us.
Have to say I don't agree with doing it this way.
Here's our offer because you've been doing great work!
Yeah, I'll be at the meeting.
Anything new on this?
Thanks for being a loyal customer!
