The team asked what I thought we should do about the deadline. Even though I had a clear opinion, I softened it and said, "Well, I think maybe we could possibly consider
My friend asked if her outfit looked good. I thought it didn't suit her, but even my honesty came out hedged: "I mean, it's sort of, like, it kind of
The professor asked the class who could explain quantum entanglement. I actually knew the answer well but raised my hand and said, "So, I think it's sort of like, maybe when two particles are kind of
My boss asked whether we should go with vendor A or vendor B. I'd done the research and vendor A was clearly better, but I said, "Well, I think maybe vendor A might be slightly
The interviewer asked about my biggest strength. I knew it was my analytical skills but I said, "I think I'm sort of, maybe somewhat good at
Someone asked me for directions to the train station. I'd walked that route a thousand times, but I pointed vaguely and said, "I think it might be sort of down that way, maybe if you kind of
My coworker asked if I thought the new policy was a good idea. I'd already read the whole thing and thought it was terrible, but I said, "I mean, it seems like it could maybe have some
The waiter asked if I was ready to order. I'd decided ten minutes ago, but when he came over I said, "I think maybe I'll possibly go with, like, the
A friend asked me what the capital of Australia was. I knew perfectly well it was Canberra, but out of habit I said, "I think it might be, like, maybe Canberra? I'm not entirely sure but I believe it could
My neighbor asked me what I thought of the new fence he'd put up. I thought it was ugly, but I said, "Well, it's sort of, I mean, it kind of has a certain
The hiring manager asked why I wanted the job. I had strong reasons prepared, but in the moment I softened everything: "Well, I think it might be a good fit because, sort of, maybe I could
My doctor asked me to describe my symptoms. I knew exactly what was wrong but I said, "So I think I might have sort of been experiencing what could possibly be
During the team standup, my manager asked for a status update on the API migration. I'd finished it, but I said, "I think it's sort of mostly done, maybe like probably around
My friend asked me which movie we should watch. I had a strong preference, but I said, "I don't know, maybe we could sort of consider possibly watching
The client asked if our platform could handle their data volume. I knew it absolutely could, but I said, "I think it should probably be able to, like, sort of handle most of
My sister asked me whether she should take the job offer in Seattle. I thought she absolutely should, but I found myself saying, "Well, it seems like it might sort of be a decent opportunity, maybe if you kind of
The teacher asked me to explain photosynthesis to the class. I knew the process cold, but I said, "So I think plants sort of, like, maybe take in sunlight and it kind of
My manager asked who should lead the new initiative. I thought I was the obvious choice but I said, "Well, I think maybe I could sort of try to take it on, if that might possibly
A tourist stopped me on the street and asked if the restaurant around the corner was any good. I'd eaten there dozens of times and loved it. But I said, "I think it's sort of decent, maybe the food is kind of
My colleague asked me to review her presentation draft and tell her what I thought. I had clear feedback, but I started with, "So I think it's, like, sort of pretty good, but maybe some of the slides could possibly
My dad asked me whether he should upgrade his phone. I'd already looked into it and the new model was clearly worth it. But I said, "I mean, it might sort of be worth considering, maybe the new one could have some
The journalist asked me about the findings of my study. I was confident in the results, but I said, "Well, our data seems to sort of suggest that there might possibly be
My partner asked me if I liked the paint color they'd chosen for the bedroom. I hated it, but I said, "I mean, it's, like, it could sort of work, maybe it's kind of
My roommate asked me if they should confront their landlord about the broken heater. I thought they absolutely should, but I said, "I think maybe you could sort of consider possibly
The recruiter asked me what salary range I was looking for. I knew exactly what I wanted but I said, "I think maybe something sort of in the range of, like, possibly around
My friend asked me which gym she should join. I'd been to both and one was clearly better. But I said, "Well, I think maybe the one on Oak Street might be sort of a little bit
Someone at the dinner party asked what I did for a living. I'm a software engineer and I'm proud of my work, but I said, "I sort of, like, kind of work in tech, I guess I'm maybe
My thesis advisor asked me what my argument was. I had a clear thesis, but I presented it as, "So I think it might sort of be the case that, like, perhaps the evidence could suggest
The mechanic asked me what was wrong with my car. I could hear the problem clearly and knew it was the alternator, but I said, "I think maybe it might be sort of making this kind of
My teammate asked me if we were going to hit our sales target this quarter. I'd run the numbers and we were well ahead, but I said, "I think we might sort of be on track, maybe it looks like we could possibly
The customer asked if the product would ship by Friday. I'd already confirmed it with the warehouse, but I said, "I think it should probably maybe arrive by, like, around Friday, sort of
My friend asked me what I thought of the book she'd lent me. I loved it, but I said, "I thought it was, like, sort of pretty interesting, maybe the part about the protagonist was kind of
A student asked me how to solve the integral on the board. I'd taught this exact problem twenty times, but I said, "So I think you sort of want to maybe try using, like, possibly integration by
My mother asked me whether she should see a doctor about her cough. I thought she should go immediately, but I said, "I mean, it might be sort of worth maybe going in, possibly just to kind of
The barista asked if I wanted my usual order. I did, but I said, "I think maybe I'll sort of go with, like, probably the same thing, I guess
My coworker asked if I could help debug their code. I'd already spotted the bug at a glance, but I said, "I think it might sort of be something with, like, maybe the variable on
During the Q&A session, someone asked me about the implications of my research. I'd spent years on this topic, but I answered, "Well, I think it might sort of suggest that, like, there could possibly be
My friend asked me to recommend a restaurant for his anniversary dinner. I knew the perfect place, but I said, "I think maybe you could sort of try that Italian place, it might be kind of
The panel moderator asked my opinion on remote work policies. I had strong views backed by data, but I said, "I think maybe there are sort of some benefits, it seems like it could possibly
My landlord asked if the apartment was in good condition. Everything was spotless, but I said, "I think it's, like, sort of in pretty decent shape, maybe there are a few things that might
The coach asked me what play we should run. I knew exactly which one would work, but I said, "I think we could maybe sort of try running, like, possibly the
My colleague asked whether I thought we should use Python or Java for the new project. I had clear technical reasons for Python, but I said, "Well, I think maybe Python might sort of be a slightly better fit, it could possibly
My aunt asked me whether her grandson was too young for a tablet. I thought kids that age definitely shouldn't have one, but I said, "I mean, it sort of depends, maybe it might be kind of
The host of the dinner asked me what I thought of the wine. I'm a wine enthusiast and thought it was excellent, but I said, "I think it's, like, sort of a nice one, maybe it has kind of
My partner asked me what we should name the dog. I loved the name Luna and didn't care for any other options, but I said, "I think maybe Luna could sort of work, it's kind of
The editor asked me what angle I wanted to take for the article. I had a sharp thesis in mind, but I pitched it as, "I was sort of thinking that maybe the piece could kind of
My friend asked me if I thought her business idea was viable. I thought it was genuinely brilliant, but I said, "I think it might sort of have some potential, maybe the market could kind of
The board member asked what our competitive advantage was. I knew exactly what set us apart, but I said, "Well, I think we sort of have, like, maybe a somewhat unique
My physical therapist asked me where the pain was. I knew it was my left rotator cuff, but I said, "I think it's maybe sort of around here, like, kind of in this
A stranger asked me what time it was. I glanced at my watch and said, "I think it might be sort of around, like, maybe
The real estate agent asked me what I thought of the house. I loved it and wanted to make an offer immediately, but I said, "I mean, it seems like it could sort of be, like, maybe a decent
The project manager asked if the feature was ready for demo. I'd tested it thoroughly and it was perfect, but I said, "I think it's sort of probably maybe close to being, like, mostly
My trainer asked if the weight was too heavy for me. It was easy, but I said, "I think it might be sort of, like, maybe a little bit on the
The flight attendant asked if I wanted chicken or fish. I wanted chicken, no hesitation, but I said, "I think maybe I'll sort of go with, like, possibly the
My professor asked me which research methodology I planned to use. I'd already decided on ethnographic fieldwork, but I said, "I was sort of thinking maybe I could possibly try something like, kind of an
The financial advisor asked me about my risk tolerance. I was comfortable with aggressive growth, but I said, "I think I might be sort of, like, maybe somewhat open to
My friend asked me whether the concert was worth going to. I'd been to the band's show three times and it was always incredible, but I said, "I think it might sort of be, like, maybe a pretty good
