The doctor said the biopsy results would take a week. I sat in the parking lot, hands on the steering wheel, and kept telling myself that it was probably going to turn out
The company announced layoffs were coming. I'd been there twelve years and my performance reviews were strong. My wife asked if I was worried and I told her, "I think they'll still find a way to
My daughter hadn't called in three months after our argument. I kept checking my phone anyway, and every time it buzzed I thought maybe this time it's finally
The audition callback list would be posted at noon. I'd been rehearsing for weeks and felt good about my read. "Do you think you got it?" my friend asked. I said, "Yeah, I really think I might have actually
We'd been trying to have a baby for two years. The doctor suggested one more round of IVF before considering other options. I squeezed my husband's hand in the waiting room, believing that this time it could actually
The house had been on the market for six months with no offers. My realtor called and said someone was coming for a second showing. I started cleaning every room, convinced that this buyer might actually
My appeal had been denied twice already, but my lawyer found new evidence. She filed again on Monday. "Do you think it'll work?" my sister asked. I said, "I really believe that this time they're going to
The test results from my certification exam wouldn't come for another month. I replayed every question in my head and kept telling myself I had studied enough and that I was probably going to
The rain hadn't come in three months and the crops were turning brown. That morning the sky clouded over for the first time since June. I stood on the porch watching the horizon, thinking maybe it was finally going to
My son had been missing for two days. The search team found fresh tracks near the river that morning. I gripped the radio tighter, whispering to myself that he was still out there and they were going to
The startup was running out of funding and we had one last investor meeting. I practiced my pitch in the mirror that morning, telling myself that if I could just get them to see the product, they might actually
I hadn't heard back from the transplant center in weeks. Then the coordinator left a voicemail asking me to call back. "What do you think it means?" my wife asked. I said, "Maybe they've finally found
My grandmother had been in the ICU for a week. The doctor said the next 24 hours were critical. I held her hand and whispered that she was strong enough and that she was going to
The peace talks had collapsed twice before. But both sides agreed to meet again, this time with a new mediator. I started preparing my notes again, allowing myself to believe that this round could actually
After the flood destroyed our house, the insurance company had been stalling for months. Then my adjuster called and said she'd escalated our claim. I hung up and started pulling together our receipts, thinking maybe we were finally going to