My best friend had just been publicly accused of something, and everyone in the room was turning on him. I didn't want to make it worse for myself, so I
My team was being blamed for the project failure and the pressure was intense. I wasn't going to risk my own position for them, so I
My older sister had been cut out of the family will and everyone was gossiping about her at the reunion. To avoid conflict, I
My mentor's reputation was being challenged and I knew my association with him could be a liability. To protect my own standing, I
The rest of the crew had already switched sides when the new management came in, and I could see which way the wind was blowing, so I
My country was being criticized at the international conference and most of my colleagues stayed silent. I decided it wasn't worth the fight, so I
My childhood friend had been arrested and the social fallout was immediate. When the others told me to cut ties, I
My old unit was taking heat from brass for decisions made under impossible conditions. When asked for my opinion in the debrief, I
My partner's family had turned against them during the divorce proceedings, and giving damaging testimony would have helped my own case. I decided that
The political group I had worked with for years was losing influence rapidly. I started privately distancing myself, and when asked, I
My colleague had made a controversial public statement and the backlash was growing. When my boss told me to issue a statement distancing myself, I
My hometown was being written off as dying and I had already been thinking of moving on. When journalists asked me to weigh in, I
My old coach had been fired and I was worried about how defending them might affect my standing. I decided that
My country's soldiers were being vilified in the press and getting involved felt risky. In my testimony, I
The organization I had built my career around was struggling, and I could already see a better opportunity on the horizon. My response was to
My best friend was on the verge of being fired and saying something felt pointless. When the manager asked me, I
My bandmates were being mocked on social media for our sound, and it was getting embarrassing. I said
My small business partner was being undercut by a competitor and the whole situation felt toxic. When customers started questioning things, I
My childhood neighborhood association was being pressured to dissolve. When the final vote came, I
My ally in the negotiation had been ambushed and it opened a chance for me to advance my own position. I
